BZ2012712 OLM 4.9+ InstallPlan keeps installing after error (#53573)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/olm-operatorgroups-troubleshooting.adoc

** An incorrect or non-existent service account name is specified in the Operator group.
--
+

> If an install plan encounters an invalid Operator group, the CSV is not generated and the `InstallPlan` resource keeps installing with a relevant message. For example, the following message is provided if more than one Operator group exists in the same namespace:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If an install plan encounters an invalid Operator group, the CSV is not generated and the `InstallPlan` resource continues to install with a relevant message. For example, the following message is provided if more than one Operator group exists in the same namespace:
```
What you have is fine; this is just another option.
